STPMS Page

About STPMS Page
Smart Traffic and Parking Management Systems are intelligent, technology-enabled solutions that help facilitate smoother automobile traffic, and simplify parking. The facilities utilize integrated vehicle sensors, cameras, and digitally-enabled payment systems. Assigning parking to vehicles in real-time, and automatically collecting payments it offers all in one application. The facilities can direct drivers to the nearest available parking space; thus reducing congestion, reducing driver waiting times.

Furthermore, for the governmental authority, the Smart Traffic and Parking Management Systems provide a continuous source of revenue via entry fees and parking fees, while providing the governmental authority with a reliable source of real-time data that the governmental authority can utilize to accurately plan and conduct governmental functions and also allow for more effective decision making. 


Why STPMS Is Important for You
Smart Traffic and Parking Management Systems therefore allow you to have a more seamless daily journey, relieving the stresses of parking and entering the facilities. Wherever you go, you no longer have to search for parking spaces or wait in long lines. Everything from entering the facility to being assigned parking is all automated, with real time updates, and simple digital payment options. As a result, you save time, reduce stress, and experience a much more convenient commute!

STPMS simplifies compliance with parking & entry taxes as well as keeping you in the clear from penalties. In addition to mitigating traffic congestion and limiting unnecessary idling, it has a positive impact on air quality and makes our communities safer. Simply put, STPMS allows you to drive smarter, quicker and with full peace of mind.


How STPMS Works
STPMS utilizes a fully automated solution that consists of multiple systems including smart sensors, cameras and digital payment methods to create a hassle-free journey for the user. When a vehicle arrives at an STPMS location it will be detected instantly. 

Smart Sensor Detection & Automated Entry
Smart sensors and cameras detect the vehicle and capture its information very quickly to automatically provide confirmation and allow for the automatic opening of the gates providing a very quick, touchless entry.
Real-Time Parking Allocation & Navigation
The system will detect the available parking spaces and provide real-time location updates of the nearest available parking space with simplified navigational instructions, to save time and eliminate the frustration of finding available parking space.
Automated Fee Calculation & Digital Payment
Any parking charges and entry fees are automatically calculated based on usage; payments may be made via FASTag and digital payment methods, enabling an efficient customer experience without having to wait to process a payment.

A parking assignment will be made in real-time and the fee will be calculated and collected automatically without any manual processing. The result is the creation of a continuing flow of traffic, very little waiting time and total transparency from the time you enter until you exit.


What We Provide
The Smart Parking and Traffic Management System provide an integrated solution for managing city-wide jitters, friction-free entry/exit, up-to-the-minute location or non-location-based parking guidance and smart location-based (real-time) digital payments via FASTag or UPI (complete with auto receipt issuance), authorities with access to live data on the system, usage/revenue reports and complete control of the system for monthly and annual reports including real-time revenue generation capabilities that will accelerate decision-making or traffic flow issues.
Automated Vehicle Entry & Exit
The system incorporates advanced sensors and cameras to detect vehicle entry and immediately allows for touchless (for example, via touchless vehicle registration tags) entry and controlled exit from any metropolitan area without needing to stand in line, reducing all vehicle congestion.
Real-Time Parking Slot Allocation
This feature will allow all drivers to be provided with real-time information on nearby available parking locations in addition to reducing the amount of time that they spend searching for parking while avoiding the negative experience of searching for parking (and not being able to find it).
Digital Payment Integration
Seamless cashless transactions and auto-generated receipts for driving on the system via FASTag, UPI or credit cards and wallets for fast, reliable and transparent transactions.
Live Monitoring & Analytics Dashboard
The system also allows the delivery of "live" and historical reports of traffic, parking usage and revenue for more effective planning and quicker decision-making.
Environmental & Safety Benefits
Reducing congestion leads to lower emissions from motor vehicles while better coordinating traffic will increase safety for motorists, passengers and pedestrians, and provide quicker responses to any incident.
Centralized Control & Management
The complete system can be monitored from one application and provide easy control over multiple systems with seamless and efficient operation.


Smart Traffic & Parking Management System Gallery





